```python

```

## Dataset
>This notebook examines a dataset that details individual rides taken in the greater San Francisco Bay area's bike-sharing system in February 2019.

### 

>I'll be looking into  the Ford Go Bike usage. I want to know when they are most frequently used in terms of time of day, day of the week, and month of the year, average trip length, and average trip duration, as well as whether the majority of users are customers or subscribers and whether the results from the above exploitation depend on whether the user is a customer or subscriber.

> The dataset can be downloaed from https://video.udacity-data.com/topher/2020/October/5f91cf38_201902-fordgobike-tripdata/201902-fordgobike-tripdata.csv
    
>The feautures of the dataset are

duration_sec, 
start_time,

end_time,

start_station_id'

'start_station_name'

'start_station_latitude'

'start_station_longitude',

'end_station_id',

'end_station_name',

'end_station_latitude',

'end_station_longitude',

'bike_id', 'user_type',

'member_birth_year',

'member_gender',

'bike_share_for_all_trip'


## Summary of findings

> There are two types of rental bike users in Ford GoBike dataset: Subscribers and Customers. About percent of all travel records are generated by "Subscriber" type of users.

> It was noticed that Subscribers mostly used bikes for rides on workdays (Monday - Friday), while customers bikes usage was about the same for the whole week with a huge increment on weekends. 

> The subscribers show high demands during the rush hours of day(8am and 5pm). On the other hand, customers use the rental bikes in the afternoon rather than in the morning. The ride durations of subscriber group are similar over the hours.


### 
> The use of bicycle services is the most during peak hours.




### Key Insights for Presentation


#### 
> This analysis majorly examines the mobility patterns of the rental bikes records. The patterns are explored using univariate, bivariate and multivariate visualizations. The visualizations will help us understand the mobility patterns of rental bike members with different time perspectives.


```python

```
